Update FAQ-Contribution.md (#892)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-Contribution.md

This is provided by [zkSnacks Ltd.](https://zksnacks.com), and in exchange for this service, the user pays a coordinator fee.
In return, zkSnacks is supporting several developers to dedicate their full time to contribute to this open-source project.
There are also projects like the [contribution game](/building-wasabi/ContributionGame.md) where a bounty is paid out to any contributor worthy the praise.

> Specifically for [education](/building-wasabi/ContributionGame.md#education-contribution-game), there is a monthly budget of 1.000 USD to reward contributors for the maintenance and expansion if the documentation, the creation of videos and podcasts, and direct peer support in the communication channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically for [education](/building-wasabi/ContributionGame.md#education-contribution-game), there is a monthly budget of 1500 USD to reward contributors for the maintenance and expansion of the documentation, the creation of videos and podcasts, and direct peer support in the communication channels.
```
